java.lang.String tableCatalog
java.lang.String tableSchema
java.lang.String tableName
java.lang.Boolean nonUnique
java.lang.String indexName
java.lang.Short ordinalPosition
java.lang.String columnName
java.lang.Integer cardinality
java.lang.Boolean primaryKey
java.lang.String indexTypeName
java.lang.Boolean isGenerated
java.lang.Short indexType
java.lang.String ascOrDesc
java.lang.Integer pages
java.lang.String filterCondition
java.lang.String remarks
java.lang.String sql
java.lang.Integer id
java.lang.Integer sortType
java.lang.String constraintName
java.lang.String indexClass
