java.lang.String tableCatalog
java.lang.String tableSchema
java.lang.String tableName
java.lang.String columnName
java.lang.Integer ordinalPosition
java.lang.String columnDefault
java.lang.String isNullable
java.lang.Integer dataType
java.lang.Integer characterMaximumLength
java.lang.Integer characterOctetLength
java.lang.Integer numericPrecision
java.lang.Integer numericPrecisionRadix
java.lang.Integer numericScale
java.lang.String characterSetName
java.lang.String collationName
java.lang.String typeName
java.lang.Integer nullable
java.lang.Boolean isComputed
java.lang.Integer selectivity
java.lang.String checkConstraint
java.lang.String sequenceName
java.lang.String remarks
java.lang.Short sourceDataType
